When I ran as fast as I could,
I felt like something would change.
When I cried as hard as I could,
I felt like everything
would be understood.
The words without love,
and even that person I disliked—
If you smile,
it’s like none of it ever happened.
With this heart full of lies, I sway,
There’s no meaning here—this is Tokyo!
There are so many things
I want to see and do with you,
So wait for me there.
On a morning filled
with an addictive scent,
I tuck away
these boundless feelings in my chest.
Even the harsh standards
I’ve been measured by—
I’ll carry them to this city.
The day you saved me,
the weak version of myself—
I’m sure I’ll never forget it,
no matter how far I go.
With an express ticket and rhythm,
if I circle this city once,
I’m sure I’ll return to you soon,
Feeling like I know everything
and can meet you again.
On a morning filled
with an addictive scent,
I laugh,
pretending I know nothing anymore.
Those reckless judgments—
I don’t need them anymore, no, I don’t.
With an express ticket and rhythm,
to that city—